Those of you who have known me for a while
know that I'm not one of those typical
moralists who pulls out the
sexism card at the slightest opportunity when I run out of
arguments or when you want to hide
your trash from them. The fact that a
man insults a woman does not
necessarily mean that it is sexism in itself. Simply
because a woman is insulted, it all
depends a bit on the context.
You may be insulting a woman because
that woman is insulted first and you
are returning the insult. For
a case of sexism to occur, it has to be that
you insult or denigrate a woman or
exhibit degrading behavior. With
a woman just for the fact of being a woman and
with a man you would not have the same
behavior and I think that fits
perfectly with what has happened
here today and I'm going to show you the worst thing is that
in most of the cases that we have
noticed that we have commented on on
this channel, it turns out that those who always
go around pointing out that they are allies of
progressives and they go around with the inquisitorial finger
pointing  to others in the end It turns out to
be what these mistakes are made of And
this is further proof that they do
n't really think about what they say, that is, what they are
promulgating they don't really
think about it They do it simply as a shield
or for their garbage or to
act like superior beings What's up my
kids, I'm Javier Oliveira
Welcome to my channel subscribe if you don't
know me and well today I'm a little bit
[ __ ] Uh today I'm totally Well a
little bit night and quite [ __ ] I had a
terrible time today and Yesterday I
got the vaccine the second dose and the
truth is that I suspected that I was going to
get a little sick because I'm the little one
my defenses are something like that
and I suspected that the vaccine wasn't going to sit
very well with me the fact that yesterday I
got it in the morning throughout the
day I was more or less fine In fact
I was live until 2 in the
morning but as soon as I got into bed and
started to sweat I started to get a
fever I started to get a
headache especially dude they were
drilling me like that it hits me  all day
lying in bed all day really bad
But well now that I feel a
little better I said I'm going to tell this
to my kids this topic We have already
been discussing it on my secondary channel I will
leave the videos here in case you
are bored and want to entertain yourselves
and watch the whole thing you know that a
few days ago a few weeks ago in
fact there was a really big mess with the
Naim Darrechi issue because he said some stupid thing in
an interview with Moto Papi something that
after this Dallas made a series
of videos that ended with a
very strange debate interview on the
Dallas Channel that had a lot of
repercussions the truth is that the debate was
great we reacted to them
live and we laughed our heads off
honestly my personal opinion I don't think
this kid did what he said
about [ __ ] inside
girls without a condom tricking them by
saying that he had a vasectomy or
that he was sterile I honestly think he was
trying to make it seem funny that he's a
kid and that the joke got out of hand
in fact I think that when he made
the joke  he saw the bad in fact I
think he didn't even ask Moncho
papi to delete that excerpt because
in his head it didn't sound that strong the
thing is that the guy in the debate he had
with Dalas was totally
ridiculous there are many people who say that there aren't
many people that I flip out without wanting to
offend I think he's a pretty
short guy you think that the most important thing in
this world who to be ready you
can only ask me the meaning of life I
think it depends on each person each
one has their goals not to breathe the
clown thing you are good at eh and I think that
evidently he has achieved fame
because he is handsome Simply because he is
handsome but I'm going to steal a kiss from you the thing is that
since that debate had a lot of
repercussions many streamers have
reacted to that content to
profit in turn We do too and put out
content and have a laugh among those
streamers that we have related to that
content was rickyedit rickyedi
reacted to this video on Twitch and
woke up the next day with a strike
on his tweet account I don't know very well
how the issue of strikes goes on Twitch
I know how they go in  YouTube is perfect
but apparently on Twitch if they hit you
three there is also a risk of having your
account closed so
rickyedi quickly used the
victim card making requests to
Dallas to please withdraw the
strike saying things and
emphasizing things like that he had been
respectful and that he had not insulted them
and it's like touch your balls not only was it
missing and well personally you already know
that I am totally against
striking people I always have my
content you can always use it as
long as it is legitimate use okay you can't
take a live stream of mine and receive it
as is like many people do in that
case yes the shots or for example
my content is used to upload it to
tiktok okay I'm not interested in having accounts
but at least also credit I've
seen clips on tiktok of videos of mine that
have 6 million views and they don't give me
credits But well generally for
me to have a video it has to be something like
that okay someone who solves the
content for the [ __ ] face I was going to say to
shoot myself but many times not even
that or I'm more  well I am either to
respond or to ignore it and ignore it
many times you know that there is no
greater contempt that will not be price
despite this I understand the fact that
Dalas has put a star Ricky
although I do not share it because I would not have
done it I would rather have
responded in another way I would have given him
a punch in the mouth and told him
that now if you like my content no and
it turns out that rickyedit who is a
friend of wismichu during all the
previous years would have been joining
the mob harassing Dallas by putting
you and insulting him and putting you and with
nonsense as if saying that His content
[ __ ] [ __ ] that stained the platform it is
very funny to me when they say
gossip content that stains the
platform is not like the people who
care about the cleanliness of the
platform Not even if you were to eat on
top of the platform, I mean everyone
uploads the videos they want and if
you do not like a content Well there are
hundreds of millions of channels that would
break his mouth anyway the typical
clichs against Dallas no  These are tweets that
some are very beastly I know that a lot of
people who don't watch my videos are going to say
that I'm nobody to blame
Ricky In fact I
'm not just blaming him I
'm simply saying that I understand
Dallas's position but when I
realized that Dallas wasn't all the
things that were said to him he says it to
my audience Where was the error and
why was I wrong rickyedi what I
would have done would be to delete all the
nonsense that I had put against Dallas
in all these years to be as if
nothing had happened and now suddenly he
was profiting from his content, I mean
touch your balls no I mean you're
saying that his content is [ __ ]
[ __ ] that stains the platform how disgusting
that the guy only profits from
this type of things and now you go with
all your balls and you want to profit from
his content if we look at it from this
point of view Well I think you agree
with me that it's a little normal that he
gives him a strike I insist that I would not have done it
I would have said something
like a take out in the middle of the live or in a
tweet I told him that now you do
like my content no but oh well
Anyway Dalas put it in and Ricky
what he did was the Guadalquivir River have you
seen the Guadalquivir River that flows
into Andalusia well Ricky would have left the
river dry only with his tears the
thing is that he made this video that
we were watching live I was
reacting to this video and I was
saying more or less in summary everything
that I'm telling you Now I
expected that the video maybe it was going to
be an apology that would come a
little late and it would be clear that those
apologies are not entirely sincere no
that in fact they are apologies because they have
given you a strike that if not there would not be
an apology but those apologies were
first of all the typical apology that are not
apologies of the good stick gives the quote
offended sometimes my Tree well I'm
sorry not like making you
responsible for you being offended by their
tweet but apart from that due to the
heat that they would have for the strike the
video was full of chicks towards
Dallas trying to make him look bad on several
occasions in fact with several
comments I was trying How to leave
Dallas for a guy who was a crybaby
who had too much free time to
dedicate to taking down
people's videos I mean it wasn't an apology at
all plus within the same video and
done I have the entire reaction on my
secondary channel within the same video he
was dedicated to taking out everything that he
thought was garbage about Dallas everything he
was against all of
Dallas' videos the criticism he made of Rubius
the criticism he made him believe and all
this accompanied by the typical topics
that Dallas haters use to
criticize what they are really criticizing
Dallas for For the simple fact of being Dallas
and because a few years ago there was a
popular mob that consisted of that to be
accepted into the group he had to put
all this like that I mean in 2017/2016
until 2018 more or less if you wanted to
grow on Twitter and feel
accepted You said Dallas [ __ ]
Hahaha idiots threw out the typical
most recurrent topics to mess with
Dala and to criticize Dallas No  you
know which ones are that profit from the
gossip that Their content dirty the
platform this I find very funny
because Ricky friend of wismichu in the year
that rickyedi put these tweets by the
date that rickyedi put these tweets
literally the content of Dallas was
the typical blog typical challenge
blue whale videos with his sister
criticisms of viral things but criticisms of
what were controversies of youtuber he
responded to his own controversies that maybe
were 5% of his videos at most
but nevertheless people like wismichu
people like auronplay at that time did
make content criticizing
youtuber but nevertheless these people
ate their balls and the other
star topic and this I want us to underline it
to comment on it later is wanting to
leave when he made mention of his
pambisitos not to the followers of Dalas he
speaks to him in a way not Also he says that he does
not know the name pan bipito pan bipito
as if he wants to treat him like a fool not
to give the image this he does a lot
to give the image that the followers
of Dallas like  that they are half mongols
that they are silly that they have no
personality And that they are very small that they do
not have their own thoughts and that as
if Dalas indoctrinates them, okay, that they have
taught them and that they do what
their God asks of them, well of course at the
moment at the slightest moment in which you
mention somewhere a
horde of what are they called pambisitos No of
their followers arrives and they start doing csi No
because they are well educated by their by their
boss by their they are like subjects it is not
worth wings I understand why they have nothing
else to grab if they want to
defend him by end and sword because their
idol or their hateful whatever they call it
but well I wanted to bring them to light and I
wanted to explain really In what
context are they making these tweets And
why I deleted them well this video
apart from reacting to it,
both me and other people criticize it, for
example akuma akuma was a girl that I did
not know until this Movida on another
occasion we were commenting on a move that
she had on Twitter that people
started to insult her the allies no and I have
realized that in the same girl
but she's a youtuber who generally does
ASMR, she has a patreon, she has
some lifans and she also does String on
Twitch and now she also has a channel of
gossip reviews that are
starting well. Well, this girl
also made a video talking about
rickyedit's crying, watching the video she doesn't say
anything that I haven't said in my review.
Well, it seems that rickyedi was
really hurt by what this girl said to him in
the video that it left him looking like a crybaby. The
girl commented things that were totally
logical without disrespecting him, like
for example, that those weren't an apology. In
fact, Ricky says in his video that he
has made it clear many times that he
deleted those tweets because he no longer thinks
that way and that he has apologized many times
to Dalas in his live streams, but of course if
this were the case, the place would not fit for the
stranger. I mean, if he has already apologized
publicly, he has deleted his digital, there would
be no problem, the thing that, of course,
surprised me a lot because Ricky
had apologized many times
to Dalas in his live streams and  that I didn't
know, you know that they tell me everything,
that you all send it to me and that if that
had happened I would have known, but what's
more, they sent me this
extract from a live stream of Ricky not
long ago reacting to another video of
Dalas reacting to the video he made
of Greg and the pyramid scam what
Ricky says, the one who is supposed to have
apologized and is no longer a hater of the
pyramid scam, that finally
two haircuts are needed, several accusations of
fraud and Twitter farces in which by
farce I mean a farce of bragging in which you
hesitate that there is someone who has to
pay 40,000 euros for
defamation that he made in the past Without
giving names, no man, if you're going to say something
stupid,
everyone knows that Dalas has quietly made a
video saying Who
had to pay him Who would have lost
a lawsuit with him in which they have to
pay him 40,000 euros plus costs who is
the burned Ana exactly if she
had really reported him for  40,000
euros to someone and that information was real you should have
said the name since it would be
free and that's what you do on the internet so
let's see what I said Here what do you
do on the internet profit what you
do on the internet How bad is it to profit on the
internet no that's very funny because it
puts a lot of emphasis on this profiting
that Dalas profits don't burn it by
profiting from things please when
Ricky is the first one who goes around like a ghost
all the time on his social networks
saying how much rent he pays what
Lu of the people who mess with him I laugh
at the gang then I do a streaming and
make them money all this [ __ ] But
hey if Dallas does it How bad is it that he
profits How bad is it good getting back to the
subject of the girl this is the tweet that
Ricky sent to the girl for the video
when he realized that this girl
had dedicated a video to her No if you look closely
the video It was uploaded 11 hours ago and
has a thousand views and it turns out that
Ricky edits had burned a lot for a
video with a thousand views no and it doesn't
occur to him  another argument to refute the
humiliation that the girl gave him in the
video that says Pop the only is slacking in
August in the first place the issue of
criticizing the Lonely Claro is denigrating
the girl because he says that since now in
August he will be earning less money with
his [ __ ] it is seen that Ricky does not have a
[ __ ] clue of the money that is charged
with some lifan with patreon and those things
not to say this [ __ ] that
laziness in August August is
warmer but apart from that or in other words
he would be making fun of her because how would he slack the onlyfans which is the only thing this girl is worth no according to him for a lifan he has to start scratching visits from rickyedi criticizing the gossip well leaving aside the repulsive ones that may appear in the comment in Yes when on several
occasions rickyedit has pretended to be a
feminist ally and knows perfectly well
what it is to denigrate a woman for her
work and for what they are dedicated to
women's rights of what you support
what you endure and then say  But well
I'm staying since I'm going to suck a [ __ ] it
would be black humor But it would be self-humor
you're making a joke about a
situation that people criticize or support
depending on the field in which you place yourself
but what you have done is say
relationships 50 eh You play video games
I eat your [ __ ] therefore you are
assuming that your 50% is sucking [ __ ]
period and the background of the video is not you
making a joke it's you winking
flying getting pretty saying look
how hot I am or something for
this and mind you that I am nobody to
say what is funny and what is not what
is humor and what is not because I am in fact
the least funny person on the
internet well known by all no
but man that I am trolling
so much that I find the video of a
girl who is hot Because yes you are
a hottie saying my 50% is sucking
[ __ ] out of any context And
you guiding the camera and that's like Look how
hot I am and look what I have
put on screen eh follow me  the only
context i find for those who
want kids who play
video games to keep telling you [ __ ] aunt
is that they have literally assumed
that it is worth eating dick closed I am going to
follow it because this This is
paradise and God And that puts your image
no longer as a person but as a woman at
the level of my flip flops I have
built I don't know who is better if the
argument of these people
trying to separate reality from feminist
for I don't know why Owen michu the ally
that has changed
we have been sexist whether we like it or not
Because it is a reality we have grown up
in a society that is sexist we have
grown up in a society that
teaches us to be sexist that makes us
grow up being sexist So the serious thing
is not having been sexist the serious thing is not
evolving not realizing things
Day after day and now she is dedicated to liking
Twitch like this one not to you and in
which a woman is being denigrated for
the fact that she has and that she does not know how to
dedicate herself to something else and has to resort
to gossip videos This is further proof
not of what we have demonstrated on many
occasions that  wismichu has not changed he
is only a piece of paper because it burns him
that people blame him for all
the [ __ ] he has done throughout
his history and that you come now
even if you think so no even if you like the
tweet that goes through your head to like it he
is not a very feminist ally not
very miche this as I was saying is a
great example that in reality wismichu
has not changed it is simply this issue
I have changed and that he has tried to
put in his his fan's head of
change the change the change is
simply an attempt at a
facelift and to be able to accuse others and to
take their eyes off him and that he is not a
feminist neither he nor the people around him who pretend to be
feminists and who only
use feminism for their own benefit
when they don't even believe in it all
these channels that there were that taught you
to succeed with women that
taught you how to flirt but in recent years
this thing of succeeding economically has become much more fashionable
and I see it as normal
because for many it is much easier to
succeed with bills than with
women because there are no bills  that
respecting patreon and asmr does not pay
off in the form of bills, you need to
try the gossip videos and
garbage content like Javi oliveira, I really find
these types of
comments from
rickyedit's fans funny when literally rickyedi
is dedicated to reacting and that's why
the whole move has been to gossip videos on his
Twitter channel, he has been on strike
for reacting to the Dallas debate and has
related to many other
gossip videos, like for example the ones where Dalas
continues to suck off jobe, which is the
only thing you're good at, when I thought that
the female sex couldn't be more
inferior and autistic, I come across this, it's a
shame this comment when I saw it
yesterday it really touched my dick, it
pisses me off immensely that someone
uses autism as an insult
because surely all the [ __ ] scum
that follows Ricky edit would
like to have half the iq that
a person with autism has and all the
comments they put on this girl not
after rickyedit explicitly pointed her out
with her fans where the [ __ ]
not  good for something other than
the lifan Go suck it I don't know who you
are there for your body anyway These are
your followers rickyedi Where
are you to criticize the pambisitos
and to tell someone who indoctrinates
their followers or who sends their
followers to be I don't know what In case he wasn't
satisfied with that tweet
where he denigrates her when she puts a you
and showing the capture he responds
like this you shouldn't use as an insult the
word that Defines 100% of the
audience that enjoys watching you suck the
microphone it seems to me that the wankers
are yours Ricky I really tell you
sincerely seeing the comments it seems to me
that the wankers and those who
are without microphones are those and
trying to humiliate me in the long run
transformed it into economic benefit So I
give you permission as long as you
do it whispering I love you well this already that he does it
whispering another filth
not another immigration but this It
makes me laugh a lot he transforms it into
economic benefit this Ricky repeats
many  times I've said it before you
weren't criticizing the other for
turning the harassment they do into economic benefit
and well this is the
final straw no that Dalas responds to him and
says Wow akuma was right how he cries
when they humiliate him it's even sad to
see how he continues to show daily how he is still
a cosador By the way it's
funny how the half toucan man
attacks the girl because she has onlyfan
what an argument but to Javi who
told him the same or worse and left him on the
ground don't you dare respond this
is why I told you at the beginning
of the video that this would be sexist because he is
denigrating her for being a woman in
my live I will mix much more than the
girl and it's not that he didn't say anything to me
It's that he was in my live and fear is not
that with 17 years that Grey
had one of the most awesome channels and
receiving an email from a
Portuguese company man because I have never
reacted to the wismichu
Dallas controversy on Stream or given my opinion publicly
Beyond the tweet that has been seen before
really or are you someone put your
name but  I think the way
things were in August we should have
a literal debate if a
girl who has less followers insults you, the
nigras trying to humiliate her because she
has only fan Wow the argument but if
I'm the one criticizing the video you
donate to me that by the way I asked you to
upload a debate and you already got out of the
way let's say I didn't have any intention of
attacking him too strongly or anything like that it
was to chat about this
not for him to explain some things to me but
this is machismo pure and
hard machismo and wismichu giving it a like and then
wismichu has his sycophants around him
telling him well wismichu you have changed It has
changed me wismichu It has changed me
because these things are the things that
define that to this day they are still the
same Well have you seen this
half man toucan well rickyedi has
the balls to get offended he messes with
Dallas Dalas throws a video at him the girl
makes a video reacting he messes with
the girl all of Las
Chicas followers mess with her and report them
en masse until she  they throw and manage to
take down his Instagram and the young man gets
offended because they called him a toucan it's
typical of these people I mean they
can do any stupid thing they
can tell you that they will break your mouth that you
are this that you are that but eh at the
slightest that you tell them Oh you mess with
the physique What a bad person and what
victims I am but Ricky if you also stop
messing with people's physiques
Get informed before opening that small-
town mouth you have girl anyway that's all for
today's video false feminism false
qualities that there is nothing wrong with not
being a feminist and not being a liade but don't
act like what you are not and don't go around
pointing and pointing at others But it
is very ugly I mean literally
you know that I am very progressive and moralistic
but insulting a
woman Just because she is a woman when
the same thing doesn't mean anything to a man
one of two things apart from being a sexist
also seems to me that you are a [ __ ] coward
and also man you have a
totally toxic fan base totally
disgusting  When they make that kind of
comment I imagine that they've
seen it somewhere and if they find
that kind of comment funny, say it
to the women who are famous for sucking it,
that they suck it, that they're a [ __ ] and that I
'm into something else, well dude, I don't know if I should
stick with the pambisitos, eh, they might be
better than yours.
Leave me your opinion in the
comments box, don't forget to like the
video if you liked it. And I'll see you
next time.
[Music]